Hi.
I was waiting for you to get here.
I'm full of energy because today will be a very important day.
Why am I so excited?
Because today you will expand your knowledge and capabilities almost twice as much as they are so far.
Today, you will finish the day programming a game called Guess the number where the player will have
eight attempts to guess a number from 1 to 100, and the program will give clues at each attempt.
When the player succeeds, the program will let them know how many tries they have made.
Yes, you will be able to do this in just a couple of hours.
Of course, there's a lot to learn first.
And as I've said before, it's very important stuff.
You're going to learn the comparison operators in depth, which we saw a little bit yesterday.
You're going to learn how to use the logical operators so that you can combine many comparisons at the
same time.
You are going to learn to control the flow of your program, enabling it to make decisions on the fly,
which will allow your system to choose whether to execute one block of code or another, depending on
the conditions that are presented.
You're going to learn to create blocks of code to be repeated many times and thus begin to automate
processes.
And then you will learn a series of super useful statements.
It will be like opening a new toolbox full of utilities such as range statement, enumerator, zip,
random and so much more.
And although you might not know what this is right now, by the end of the day, you will and you should
be super excited to start learning.
It's going to be a long day, so let's get to work.